### Algorithmic Trader
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This simple trader employs the usage of Clemens Korndörfer's pyESN--chosen as opposed to a more extensive library such as TensorFlow--for its fundamentals-oriented execution and its lack of requiring a complex pipeline to be built in order to run the program in an optimal and efficient manner. While a complex system could be built using a broader library, much consideration would have to be taken with both the fact that a library such as TensorFlow does not have native Echo State Network layer or cell implementable (unless TF's 'addons' are included, which even more care would need to be taken to ensure that this is properly implemented within the conventional TensorFlow library's confines) and with the fact that a greater amount of data manipulation would have to occur in order to satisfy the requirements of TensorFlow. For these reasons, pyESN was chosen for its unforgiving simplicity, being implemented only in pure Python and NumPy.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Aside from the network, this trader is meant for trading in cryptocurrencies and utilizes Coinbase Pro's API in order to recieve historical data through their historical data module and recieve live data through their websocket feed, through which a json request was recieved for market data on every even minute, which was then appended to the program's native data array. Following the arrival of one of these packets, the network was trained on the new data, to which it made one prediction. Based on a simple set of rules for buying, selling, or holding, the program is then able to accomplish these actions based on the current price of the currency in trading and the next prediction. For an obvious set of reasons, I did not include my own authorization credentials or the requests employed to commit to buying and selling and have included print statements in their place to notify the user if the program will commit these actions. Furthermore, two separate threads were used in ensuring that both the purchasing and live data components of the program could operate independently, yet still communicate with each other of the current price and prediction. This program also uses several different native python modules, such as time, datetime, sys, and requests.